Clean up symlinks from transfer_data.py (#1307)
globus/globus-sdk-python: changelog.d/20250916_153418_aaschaer_symlink_deprecation.rst

Deprecated
~~~~~~~~~~

> - The following have been deprecated as they are not supported by any collections.
> 
>  - ``TransferData.add_symlink_item``
> 
>  - the ``TransferData`` ``recursive_symlinks`` keyword argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following features have been deprecated as they are not supported by any collections:

  - The ``add_symlink_item`` method of ``TransferData``
  - The  ``recursive_symlinks`` argument to ``TransferData``
```

I'd like a very mild tweak to the text, to have a colon at the end of that first line, and indent the sublist at least two spaces (more visually obvious).

Since I was making a suggestion, I also made some less significant (IMO) discretionary tweaks:
- put the sub-list items adjacent
- clarify "following" to "following features"
- setup a parallel construction of the two features "of/to ``TransferData``"

The part I really care about is the colon and a slightly bigger indent -- reading this as raw text, I didn't realize there was a one-space indent at first.
